Rewrite "Create" page to improve explanations (#7618)
reactjs/react.dev: src/content/learn/web-app-architectures.md

There are many factors that go into deciding the right architecture(s) for each application.  Here are some important points to take into consideration.

### Application Types {/*application-types*/}

One way to approach deciding on the right architectures is to look at the kind of application you are building.

The post [Application Holotypes: A Guide to Architecture Decisions](https://jasonformat.com/application-holotypes/) describes a spectrum of applications, each with their own variation of architectural needs. For example, a social media app might work well as a Single Page App, whereas an ecommerce site might benefit from a Server-Side Rendering architecture with some client interactivity.

The [Patterns.dev guide on rendering and architectural patterns](https://www.patterns.dev/vanilla/rendering-patterns) also gives excellent insight into the different architectural techniques available and when to apply them.

### Server rendering is optional {/*server-rendering-is-optional*/}

The frameworks we recommend all provide the option to create a [client-side rendered (CSR)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/CSR) app.

> In some cases, CSR is the right choice for a page, but many times it's not. Even if most of your app is client-side, there are often individual pages that could benefit from server rendering features like [static-site generation (SSG)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/SSG) or [server-side rendering (SSR)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/SSR), for example a Terms of Service page, or documentation.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if I understand this correctly, but imho there is a difference between SSG and SSR in the way that for SSR you need a server at runtime and SSG only at build time. While this is clarified above in `Static Site Generation (SSG)´ section, it's somehow mixed here.

Also the "Terms of Service page" example is a little weak imho. Would you really add server infrastructure only for a ToS page (assuming you don't have JS on the server already)? :-)

> Server rendering generally sends less JavaScript to the client, and a full HTML document which produces a faster [First Contentful Paint (FCP)](https://web.dev/articles/fcp) by reducing [Total Blocking Time (TBD)](https://web.dev/articles/tbt), which can also lower [Interaction to Next Paint (INP)](https://web.dev/articles/inp). This is why the [Chrome team has encouraged](https://web.dev/articles/rendering-on-the-web) developers to consider static or server-side render over a full client-side approach to achieve the best possible performance.

Reviewer 2: Only certain content is rehydrated. If you had a component that simply output some simple DOM with no interaction or client-side children it wouldn't get rehydrated and so your bundle would be comparatively smaller.

So while not always true it would be generally true in principle.

> Server rendering generally sends less JavaScript to the client, and a full HTML document which produces a faster [First Contentful Paint (FCP)](https://web.dev/articles/fcp) by reducing [Total Blocking Time (TBD)](https://web.dev/articles/tbt), which can also lower [Interaction to Next Paint (INP)](https://web.dev/articles/inp). This is why the [Chrome team has encouraged](https://web.dev/articles/rendering-on-the-web) developers to consider static or server-side render over a full client-side approach to achieve the best possible performance.

Reviewer 3: > Only certain content is rehydrated.

This is not true for standard SSR à la Next, but is with framworks focusing on "islands" like Astro. Typical hydration absolutely is full-page and results in no less JS than SPAs (usually slightly more, if anything, as it needs the hydration & render code paths).

Definitely shouldn't ship saying this as it's quite untrue in the context of React. Those articles are referring to pages lacking hydration as that's a rather different issue.

Frameworks provide the option to use a server on any page if you want to, but do not force you to use a server. This allows you to pick the right rendering strategy for each page in your app.

### Server Rendering is not just for SEO {/*server-rendering-is-not-just-for-seo*/}

A common misunderstanding is that server rendering is only for [SEO](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/SEO).

While server rendering can improve SEO, it also improves performance by reducing the amount of JavaScript the user needs to download and parse before they can see the content on the screen.

This is why the Chrome team [has encouraged](https://web.dev/articles/rendering-on-the-web) developers to consider static or server-side render over a full client-side approach to achieve the best possible performance.

### What About Server Components? {/*server-components*/}

> The frameworks we recommend also include support for React Server Components.

Reviewer 4: I'm not the biggest fan of this line at this point in time as App Router is still the only game in town for RSC's (if your shipping on Waku you have my respect and admiration). If we put it in and React Router doesn't ship RSC's this year it'll look very silly.

```suggestion
At this point in time only Next.js App Router has support for React Server Components; however we are working with the other frameworks we recommend to bring support to those frameworks
```
